[v0.39.0] Storybook: added documentation for `storybook.manager.js` (#885)
redwoodjs/redwoodjs.com: docs/storybook.md

yarn rw storybook
```

This spins up Storybook on port `7910`.

## Configuring Storybook

You only have to configure Storybook if you want to extend Redwood's default configuration, which handles things like how to find stories, configuring Webpack, starting Mock Service Worker, etc.

There are three files you can add to your project's `web/config` directory to configure Storybook: `storybook.config.js`, `storybook.manager.js`, and `storybook.preview.js`. Note that you may have to create the `web/config` directory:

```
cd redwood-project/web
mkdir config
touch config/storybook.config.js config/storybook.manager.js config/storybook.preview.js
```

> `storybook.config.js` configures Storybook's server, `storybook.manager.js` Storybook's UI, while `storybook.preview.js` configures the way stories render.

Reviewer: Make this a parallel construct:
```suggestion
`storybook.config.js` configures Storybook's server, `storybook.manager.js` configures Storybook's UI, and `storybook.preview.js` configures the way stories render.
```

// web/config/storybook.preview.js

export const decorators = [
  (Story) => (
    <div style={{ margin: '48px' }}>
      <Story />
    </div>
  ),
]
```

For more, see the Storybook docs on [configuring how stories render](https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/configure/overview#configure-story-rendering).

### Configuring the UI with `storybook.manager.js`

> > Note that some changes you make to Storybook's UI will require refreshing its cache.
> > The easiest way to do so will be when starting Storybook:

Reviewer: Change tone:
```suggestion
> Note that some of the changes you make to Storybook's UI require refreshing its cache.
> The easiest way to do so is when starting Storybook:
```

>

> > `yarn rw storybook --no-manager-cache`

Reviewer: A full-on code block will look nicer:
```suggestion
> ```
> yarn rw storybook --no-manager-cache
> ```
```

Author: Will that play well with the fact the code-block will be inside of a blockquote?

Author: I guess I can just commit it and we can see in the preview?

> [Theming Storybook's UI](https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/configure/theming) can be accompished by installing two packages, and making a few changes to Redwood's inital configuration.

Reviewer: Change from passive to active:
```suggestion
You can [theme Storybook's UI](https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/configure/theming) by installing two packages and making a few changes to Redwood's initial configuration.
```

From the root of your RedwoodJS project:

```
yarn workspace web add -D @storybook/addons @storybook/theming
```

Next, add the `@storybook/theming` addon to a new or existing `storybook.config.js` file.

```js
// web/config/storybook.config.js

module.exports = {
  // ...
  addons: [
    '@storybook/theming',
    // ...
  ],
}
```

Finally, we'll configure our theme by creating a `storybook.manager.js` file. Below we're enabling Storybook's dark theme.

```js
// web/config/storybook.manager.js

import { addons } from '@storybook/addons'
import { themes } from '@storybook/theming'

addons.setConfig({
  theme: themes.dark,
})
```

> Check out [Storybook's theme quickstart](https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/configure/theming#create-a-theme-quickstart) for a guide on creating your own theme.
> 
> You may also want to export your theme to [re-use it with Storybook Docs](https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/configure/theming#theming-docs).

Reviewer: Let's make this one paragraph:
```suggestion
Check out [Storybook's theming quickstart](https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/configure/theming#create-a-theme-quickstart) for a guide on creating your own theme. You may also want to export your theme to [re-use it with Storybook Docs](https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/configure/theming#theming-docs).
```
